of November when at this round
at the height of this roundabout at the doors
of arcole a drama is consummated a
Incredible accident that cost lives
four young boys came
overwhelmed by a car driven by a 31 year old
drunk an episode that aroused
obviously great hype
great emotions and that led to
collection of signatures for the murder
road
now almost two months later this
crime seems increasingly a reality
to be proposed by the minister of justice
anna maria cancellieri she would like
introduce it with a bill if
not even a decree already within the
end of January the establishment of
this crime is designed with the aim
priority to guarantee rapid processes
able to recognize a justice
faster to victims with relatives
compensated in a much shorter time
compared to today
an inevitable tightening then
convictions for those responsible
of fatal accidents of the new
offenses have been talked about for years
often presenting also the so-called
life imprisonment of the license
that is the absolute prohibition of driving in
more serious cases
already in mid-November the minister
the angelino alfano interior had made it
known that precisely on the crime of murder
road had been activated with the
ministry of transport a group of
work to verify its feasibility
so the minister chancellors spoke
of a social problem that as such goes
then addressed by introducing tools
dissuasive
for those who believe they can be
driving while not completely
master of himself and therefore in
disregard for the lives of others
between the basic steps in the draft
already prepared last year
first of all the final revocation of the
license that could by itself
represent the strongest deterrent
for those wishing to drive in conditions
such as not to guarantee safety
the crime of homicide
road would be an evolution of that
culpable with penalties up to 10 years of
prison in the event of an accident caused
for driving while intoxicated or under
effect of drugs the third point that the
Minister of Justice believes
the development of the
process that must take place by ritual
very direct when the causes
of the accident are ascertained with
absolute precision
so you would skip some
procedural delays accelerating i
time of economic compensation for i
relatives of victims at the level
national traffic police in the first
10 months of 2013 reported over 18
thousand claims for driving in the state of
drunkenness on about a million and a half
one thousand disputed infringements for whom
he drove under the influence of drugs